[Org Settings] Update docs on new org settings (#28149)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/org_settings.md

### Public sharing

The **Public Sharing** tab includes org-wide settings for sharing, along with lists of shared dashboards and graphs. You can enable sharing features granularly and configure additional security options, such as setting a maximum invite duration.

> If you require sharing settings to apply accross every org you own, please reach out to Datadog Support and we can set that up for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To apply sharing settings across all your orgs, reach out to [Datadog Support][16].
```

Reviewer: In addition to the edit above, could you please add the following reference link after line `177`? I'm unable to make a suggestion in that part of the page.

`[16]: /help/`
